***Feedback We Have Received from the Game***

Music: We have received feedback that the music we used was a bit too tacky (old) and loud. The players said that they could barely hear the soundeffects when the ball hits the paddle and bricks in the game. To help fix these issues we decided to choose a more modern and mellow soundtrack off of youtube. We searched up ChillStep (Chill dubstep music) and ChillWave (Chill Synth Wave Music) to match what our vision of the game was going to be. We also adjusted the db (decibels) of the music to be lower so the background music doesn't drown out the soundeffects in the background. 

Game Aesthetic: We have received feedback on our overall look of our game. Our players have noticed that the overall look of the game was unpleasent to the eyes and a bit outdated. This is due to our choice in color such as black (as the background), green (for the bricks), red (for the ball) blue (for the paddle) and white (for the game score and text). They said that the colors clash with each other and are simply too distracting for the player as they played the game. We decided to fix this issue by opting for a simple color palette of two colors (black and white). This simple color palette really gives the game a more modern feeling and the colors themselves are not too distracting. The white and black contrast really well together making it easier for the player to see all of the game assets and the color choice is just overall better. 

Gameplay: Our gameplay was generally described as a bit boring due to it just being a basic brick breaker game. To fix this issue we decided to include a challenge aspect to our game where the player will randomly experience speed changes (in the paddle and ball) while playing the game. This adds a bit more difficulty to the game and spices up the overall gameplay as whole due to the fact that the player must stay on their toes and focus to win the game. 

